back in 1989 we went in the printing
business we started with a bead
equipment in metal plates film about the
year 2000 we decided to go for the plate
maker 3 by Zante and made quick poly
plates possible so we went with a
playmaker SIG's it's a sharper sharper
than a better place now it's fast and
easy and I have the plate ready to go on
the press faster than I can take a film
if you want to save time and get the
best job I think it's important that our
work look professional and that's
another reason when with a plate maker
SIG's we didn't want to be good enough
or almost sharp enough let me brag on
that IQ software and it's wonderful with
your training you gave me you got me on
the right course once you learn that all
you're doing is printing everything on
the plate size you're running that makes
it a lot easier to understand it you
drag that job down onto the plate maker
6 image and it comes out ready to go we
do save different setups like 12 up and
2 up and 4 up runs and put the name of
the job there either way and it's saving
the IQ software so if you can have a
rerun you just click on it drag it down
to the plate maker and print that
software is a big big plus
it's icing on the cake
customer services I think the best out
there you know what page we're on or
where we need to be and means everything
to us
you